congratulations to each of you on
winning the contest and welcome to
Fantasy Island so what's your fantasy
the island hailers eats fantasy
specifically to the guests your life is
about to change forever
how the island does what it does is a
mystery to brought her back to life
so what's your fantasy revenge on a
childhood toy the most popular girl in
school was my tormentor let's have some
fun oh my god
that's really hurt
this is not what I meant the island is
twisting our fantasies they were brought
here to be a part of something else once
a fantasy begins you must fear true
creates driver six-inch extension
are you sure things change now that I'm
a father the candidate my life a quarter
mile at a time anymore
I'll always be in your heart
little Brian I have a gift for you your
daddy gave me this no I'm gonna give it
to you it's for protection from what's
coming
[Music]
hey I'm Michael block from the Republic
and do a story about your mom to be
honest I was a little distracted I kept
running back in my mind how you might
respond to me asking you for a drink so
that was you asking me in my mind it
wasn't that forward you know it was more
smoother than that I'm terrible at
Thursday's I'm good what was it like
felt like we kissed before I could call
me right after to say what they thought
that I was special
it's not often you meet someone like
that I just really like I really even
love don't get involved too quickly so
don't get first of all I don't sound
like a mad scientist it's not talk come
dance with me you come back over there
[Applause]
you got your hair down like you pray
am i new to or would you prefer a
low-power which I'll do when the power
went out today she did a little sip and
smile thing like do you want to commit
my mother wasn't very good at love what
if I'm just like her how are you
supposed to know if you want to spend
forever with someone sometimes good
things take time to develop
[Music]
I'm afraid to love you
you don't have to be afraid so how about
you tell me what you do to keep your
relationship going you can do three
hours with no Wi-Fi marriage is doable
when it comes to speed there's only one
name I've studied the best spin moves
his legendary I raced the fastest in the
world he makes us all look fly I'm wild
but he's on another level that dude he
knows it's all about the rings when he
turns on the burners good luck
he's just a blur out there what's this
for again what's this for games this
Morgan what's this for again great
question I have no idea but please
McCaffrey go on about how amazing I am
what am i doing mine hog
now that's what I call good cop bad cop
left yourself open
[Music]
Wow
do I make you happy I'm happiest man in
the whole world I feel so lucky you're
not mad at me
mom we're pregnant about what I just
want to make sure I'm not doing anything
wrong I couldn't do anything wrong even
if you try
so what did you do for money before you
met my son retail mostly I'll lucky
break
I'm just real grateful
[Music]
fake it till you make it
are you happy
or are you pretending
to be happy
[Music]
how does it make you feel when you
swallow something I just like the
textures in my mouth thank you I mean
I just wanted to make you happy
I did something unexpected today
hi Todd I'm worried Oh like that name
thank you reminds me of all right
Gilmore you watch Gilmore Girls I
watched a couple girls I've owned all
the seven seasons on DVD I almost went
to Yale because of that I almost
went to Yale because of that show I
didn't get in an obvious I did I think I
might not be gay so you want to start
dating girls I think it would
statistically improve my love life
this is recalculates Todd you cannot
decide that you're straight
just because you don't like the gay
people you've been meeting this isn't a
comedy right no so she chooses to stay
with him in Wisconsin or potentially
throwing on a North Korean nuclear
missile crisis I mean that's that's a
lot people do crazy things when they're
loved so you said you're an actress have
I seen you in anything maybe have you
seen two girls my cup no when did it
come out you actually may be somewhat
straight thank you like a Kinsey 300 but
we don't want children they bring you
unhappiness you were the second best
decision I ever made
what was the first investing in Google
what am i you're the fourth the question
is why do we want to ruin our
relationship with sex exactly
I mean 65% of married couples stop
having sex after 10 years really I don't
know I just made that number well it
sounds like a real statistic
[Music]
I don't think that you can love somebody
else until you love yourself what if
this is as good as it gets
like that movie as good as it gets
sometimes something's got to give like
that movie The Day After Tomorrow sure
we all like to think there's this
soulmate out there for us who's going to
complete us intellectually and
physically and emotionally but harsh
realities not everybody gets that so two
out of three isn't so bad if you're
blind or schizophrenic or you're missing
an arm and a leg you might not even get
one out of three and you just have to
accept that you're the nicest person in
LA really I'm not
I lie to homeless people I always have
change I just don't give it to them
the commercials in this game are really
expensive spongebob it's just the
pregame yeah I smell a road trip that
could be my breath the spongebob movie
sponge on the run yeah that was money
well spent
you